Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order. John Adams
I must study politics and war that my sons may  have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. John Adams
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. Albert Einstein
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. Albert Einstein 
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. Albert Einstein
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. Albert Einstein
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. Albert Einstein
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them. Albert Einstein
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. Albert Einstein
The only source of knowledge is experience. Albert Einstein
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. Albert Einstein
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. Albert Einstein
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. Jimmy Dean
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. Francis of Assisi
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. Vince Lombardi
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. Maya Angelou
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle Onassis
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. John F. Kennedy
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. Buddha
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. Buddha
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. Elbert Hubbard
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. Isaac Asimov
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.  Terry Pratchett
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic. Woody Allen
Physics isn't the most important thing. Love is.  Richard Feynman
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress. Niels Bohr
Those who are not shocked when they first come across quantum theory cannot possibly have understood it. Niels Bohr
Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry. Terry Pratchett
Need a hug? Call me at ______________

